Update 0111-mobile-data-utility-benchmark.md (#987)
helium/HIP: 0111-mobile-data-utility-benchmark.md

 
#### 2. Multiplier Phased Ramp Up

The multiplier will increase over a 90 epoch period in stages.  
- Epochs 1-30 will have a 2.5x CP multiplier for all Radios/APs that meet the benchmark.
- Epochs 31-60 will have a 5x CP multiplier for all Radios/APs that meet the benchmark.
- All epochs after 60 will have a 10x CP multiplier for all Radios/APs that meet the benchmark.

This applies to the whole system from the date of implementation. This is not tied to the time a Radio/AP was installed.

Example: 

> HIP is implimented May 1st. All Radios/APs meeting the benchmark would receive a 2.5x boost to CPs during the 30 epochs in May. During the next 30 epochs (June), qulaifying Radios/APs would receives a 5x boost, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this HIP is implemented May 1st, All Radios/APs meeting the benchmark would receive a 2.5x boost to CPs during the 30 epochs in May. During the next 30 epochs (June), qualifying Radios/APs would receives a 5x boost, etc. 
```
